Plugin Architecture (#670)
bitcoin-dev-project/warnet: resources/plugins/simln/README.md

# SimLN Plugin

## SimLN
SimLN helps you generate lightning payment activity.

* Website: https://simln.dev/
* Github: https://github.com/bitcoin-dev-project/sim-ln

## Usage
SimLN uses "activity" definitions to create payment activity between lightning nodes. These definitions are in JSON format.

SimLN also requires access details for each node; however, the SimLN plugin will automatically generate these access details for each LND node. The access details look like this:

```` JSON
{
  "id": <node_id>,
  "address": https://<ip:port or domain:port>,
  "macaroon": <path_to_selected_macaroon>,
  "cert": <path_to_tls_cert>
}
````

Since SimLN already has access to those LND connection details, it means you can focus on the "activity" definitions.

### Launch activity definitions from the command line
The SimLN plugin takes "activity" definitions like so:

> `./simln/plugin.py launch-activiy '[{\"source\": \"tank-0003-ln\", \"destination\": \"tank-0005-ln\", \"interval_secs\": 1, \"amount_msat\": 2000}]'"''`

Reviewer: i dunno if we need this to be a command, makes more sense to add it to network.yaml or another file.

also nit: typo in `launch-activiy`

    addnode:
      - tank-0000
    ln:
      lnd: true

  - name: tank-0003
    addnode:
      - tank-0000
    ln:
      lnd: true
    lnd:
      config: |
        bitcoin.timelockdelta=33
      channels:
        - id:
            block: 300
            index: 1
          target: tank-0004-ln
          capacity: 100000
          push_amt: 50000

  - name: tank-0004
    addnode:
      - tank-0000
    ln:
      lnd: true
    lnd:
      channels:
        - id:
            block: 300
            index: 2
          target: tank-0005-ln
          capacity: 50000
          push_amt: 25000

  - name: tank-0005
    addnode:
      - tank-0000
    ln:
      lnd: true

plugins:
  postDeploy:
    simln:
      entrypoint: "../../plugins/simln"  # This is the path to the simln plugin folder (relative to the network.yaml file).
      activity: '[{"source": "tank-0003-ln", "destination": "tank-0005-ln", "interval_secs": 1, "amount_msat": 2000}]'
````

</details>

## Generating your own SimLn image
The SimLN plugin fetches a SimLN docker image from dockerhub. You can generate your own docker image if you choose:

1. Clone SimLN: `git clone git@github.com:bitcoin-dev-project/sim-ln.git`

> 2. Follow the instructions to build a docker image as detailed int the SimLn repository.

Reviewer: need to make sure its cross-arch as well! this one isnt: https://hub.docker.com/r/mplsgrant/sim-ln/tags

Author: I'm confused. Did the mplsgrant/sim-ln image work on mac (cross arch) when you switched back to it?

If so, I bet we could just update the official simln image to the latest commit using their instructions.

Reviewer: the mplsgrant image did work, docker desktop on macos is emulating x86 in this case i think. Still, its kind of warnet best practice to build for all platforms

3. Tag the resulting docker image: `docker tag IMAGEID YOURUSERNAME/sim-ln:VERSION`
4. Push the tagged image to you dockerhub account.

> 5Modify the `values.yaml` file in the plugin's chart to reflect your username and version number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Modify the `values.yaml` file in the plugin's chart to reflect your username and version number:
```
